feat: add `vite.addPlugin` (#633)
sveltejs/cli: .changeset/tough-carrots-eat.md

---
'sv': patch
---

> add `vite.addPlugin` to simplify adding a plugin on various vite config style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: add `vite.addPlugin` to simplify adding a plugin on various vite config styles
```
